Workshop requirements

Part 1

-Create a Rails application for shippers to help them organize all of the ships in their fleet, with a user login. The application should be able to, at its most basic, allow users to:

	1) sign up and login
	2) add new boats to their profile, meant to be managed by 	that user, including a boat name, amount of containers able to ship, and current boat location
	3) assign "jobs" to boats, including containers needed, 	cargo, origin, cost for job, and destination

Once you have the basics setup, add some validations:

	-Boats must have a unique name
	-locations must be pulled from a valid list of locations (use a hard-coded list)

	-Jobs must have a unique name
	-cost must be above $1000 for each job
	-cargo description must be at least 50 characters
	-origin and destinations must be pulled from a valid list of locations (use a hard-coded list)

Part 2 

	1)Allow users to "follow" other ships. This means they should be able to click a "follow" button and have the "following" recorded in the database.
	2)A new page should be added where users can see what ships they're currently following
	3)Using Paperclip, users should have the ability to upload a photo of a ship when the ship is being created

**********************************************************

My app currently allows the following:

	Users can sign in and sign up. When a user is signed in, another user cannot sign in or sign up. The sign in/sign up links in the navbar disappear when a user is signed in. Also, if a user goes to localhost:3000/login in the website url, they are redirected to their profile page. 

	Users can add boats to their profile, including a boat name, max number of containers and current boat location. Users can add a profile picture. This only applies to new users created after the paperclip gem was installed. 

	Boat validations are set up, so boat names must be unique and boat locations are hard-coded.

	**Users cannot currently add jobs to their boats. It gives an error of template missing whenever I try adding jobs. I have created a job table, a jobs controller, and a job model. I also set job validations so jobs must have a unique name, cost must be above $1000 for each job, the cargo description must be at least 50 characters, the
	origin and destinations must be pulled from a valid list of locations.
	
	Part 2

	**Users cannot follow other ships. Users cannot see what ships they're following. 

	Users can add boats and choose a picture for their boat. -Users cannot see their boats until they have actually added a boat.



